A brave little theory, and actually quite coherent for a system of five or seven dimensions -- if only we lived in one.
A day without sunshine is like, you know, night. 
A learning experience is one of those things that say, 'You know that thing you just did? Don't do that'.
A man either lives life as it happens to him, meets it head-on and licks it, or he turns his back on it and starts to wither away.
A person is smart; people are dumb panicky dangerous animals and you know it. 
A rat, a bat, a spider. Nothing much else astir. Peaceful.
'Abort, Retry, Fail?' was the phrase some wormdog scrawled next to the door of the Edit Universe project room. And when the new dataspinners started working, fabricating their worlds on the huge organic comp systems, we'd remind them: if you see this message, always choose 'Retry.'
ACHIEVEMENT: You can do anything you set your mind to when you have vision, determination, and an endless supply of expendable labor.
Alright, alright, Mickeys a mouse, Donalds a duck, Plutos a dog. Whats Goofy?
Also? I can kill you with my brain.
And all dared to brave unknown terrors, to do mighty deeds, to boldly split infinitives that no man had split before--and thus was the Empire forged.
And I said, I don't care if they lay me off either, because I told, I told Bill that if they move my desk one more time, then, then I'm, I'm quitting, I'm going to quit. And, and I told Don too, because they've moved my desk four times already this year, and I used to be over by the window, and I could see the squirrels, and they were married, but then, they switched from the Swingline to the Boston stapler, but I kept my Swingline stapler because it didn't bind up as much, and I kept the staples for the Swingline stapler and it's not okay because if they take my stapler then I'll set the building on fire.
and I'm all out of bubblegum.
And that's what I don't like about magic, Captain. 'cos it's *magic*. You can't ask questions, it's magic. It doesn't explain anything, it's magic. You don't know where it comes from, it's magic! That's what I don't like about magic, it does everything by magic.
And what's with all the carrots?
Are you crazy? The fall will probably kill you.
Aw, this is the worst lookin' hat I ever saw! What, when you buy a hat like this, I bet you get a free bowl of soup, huh? Oh, it looks good on you, though.
Because today we live in a society in which spurious realities are manufactured by the media, by governments, by big corporations, by religious groups, political groups... So I ask, in my writing, What is real? Because unceasingly we are bombarded with pseudo-realities manufactured by very sophisticated people using very sophisticated electronic mechanisms. I do not distrust their motives; I distrust their power. They have a lot of it. And it is an astonishing power: that of creating whole universes, universes of the mind. I ought to know. I do the same thing.
Bill, strange things are afoot at the Circle K.
Bueller?...Bueller?...Bueller?
Build what you need as you need it, aggressively refactoring as you go along; don't spend a lot of time planning for grandiose, unknown future scenarios. Good software can evolve into what it will ultimately become.
But it's so simple. All I have to do is divine from what I know of you: are you the sort of man who would put the poison into his own goblet or his enemy's? Now, a clever man would put the poison into his own goblet, because he would know that only a great fool would reach for what he was given. I am not a great fool, so I can clearly not choose the wine in front of you. But you must have known I was not a great fool, you would have counted on it, so I can clearly not choose the wine in front of me.
Bypasses are devices that allow some people to dash from point A to point B very fast while other people dash from point B to point A very fast. People living at point C, being a point directly in between, are often given to wonder what's so great about point A that so many people from point B are so keen to get there, and what's so great about point B that so many people from point A are so keen to get there. They often wish that people would just once and for all work out where the hell they wanted to be.
Can you describe the rukus?
I collect spores, molds, and fungus.
Consistency is only a virtue if you're not a screwup.
Cross my heart, slap me dead, stick a lobster on my head.
Curse your sudden but inevitable betrayal!
Debugging is twice as hard as writing the code in the first place. Therefore, if you write the code as cleverly as possible, you are, by definition, not smart enough to debug it.
Demented and sad, but social.
Did you know that the US Standard railroad gauge (distance between the rails) is 4 feet, 8 1/2 inches. That's an exceedingly odd number. Why was that gauge used? Because that's the way they built them in England, and the US railroads were built by English expatriates. I see, but why did the English build them like that? Because the first railway lines were built by the same people who built the pre-railroad tramways, and that's the gauge they used. Well, why did they use that gauge in England?  Because the people who built the tramways used the same jigs and tools that they used for building wagons, which used that wheel spacing. Okay! Why did their wagons use that odd wheel spacing? Because, if they tried to use any other spacing the wagon wheels would break on some of the old, long distance roads. Because that's the spacing of the old wheel ruts. So who built these old rutted roads? The first long distance roads in Europe were built by Imperial Rome for the benefit of their legions. The Roman roads have been used ever since. And the ruts? The original ruts, which everyone else had to match for fear of destroying their wagons, were first made by the wheels of Roman war chariots. Since the chariots were made for or by Imperial Rome they were all alike in the matter of wheel spacing. Thus, we have the answer to the original question. The United States standard railroad gauge of 4 feet, 8 1/2 inches derives from the original specification for an Imperial Roman army war chariot. And the motto of the story is Specifications and bureaucracies live forever. So, the next time you are handed a specification and wonder what horse's ass came up with it, you may be exactly right. Because the Imperial Roman chariots were made to be just wide enough to accommodate the back-ends of two war-horses. So, just what does this have to do with the exploration of space? Well, there's an interesting extension of the story about railroad gauge and horses' behinds. When we see a Space Shuttle sitting on the launch pad, there are two big booster rockets attached to the sides of the main fuel tank. These are the solid rocket boosters, or SRBs. The SRBs are made by Thiokol at a factory in Utah. The engineers who designed the SRBs might have preferred to make them a bit fatter, but the SRBs had to be shipped by train from the factory to the launch site. The railroad from the factory runs through a tunnel in the mountains. The SRBs had to fit through that tunnel. The tunnel is slightly wider than a railroad track, and the railroad track is about as wide as two horses' behinds. So a major design feature of what is arguably the world's most advanced transportation system was originally determined by the width of a horse's rear end.  So next time you wonder what horses rear end thought up the specification you're working on, you might not be far off.
Do or do not, There is no try.
Do you believe in UFOs, astral projections, mental telepathy, ESP, clairvoyance, spirit photography, telekinetic movement, full trance mediums, the Loch Ness monster and the theory of Atlantis?
Do you know the street value of this mountain? 
Does Barry Manilow know that you raid his wardrobe?
Don't mess with the bull, young man. You'll get the horns.
Easy! Take it easy! I hate personal violence, especially when I'm the person.
Economics is the science of explaining tomorrow why the predictions you made yesterday didn't come true today.
Eternity lies ahead of us, and behind. Have you drunk your fill?
Every ounce of my cynicism is supported by historical prcedent.
Everybody generalizes from one example. At least, I do.
Excuse me, sir. Seeing as how the V.P. is such a V.I.P., shouldn't we keep the P.C. on the Q.T.? 'cause if it leaks to the V.C. he could become a M.I.A. and then we'd all be put out on K.P.
Fat, drunk, and stupid is no way to go through life, son.
Fate is like a strange, unpopular restaurant filled with odd little waiters who bring you things you never asked for and don't always like.
Fire and brimstone coming down from the skies. Rivers and seas boiling.  Forty years of darkness. Earthquakes, volcanoes The dead rising from the grave. Human sacrifice, dogs and cats living together, mass hysteria.
Fossils fuels in the last century reached their extreme prices because of their inherent utility: they pack a great deal of potential energy into an extremely efficient package. If we can but sidestep the 100 million year production process, we can corner this market once again.
Four-hundred years ago, on the planet Earth, workers who felt their livelihood threatened by automation, flung their wooden shoes, called sabo, into the machines to stop them . . . hence the word: sabotage.
Frak!
Free flow of information is the only safeguard against tyranny. The once-chained people whose leaders at last lose their grip on information flow will soon burst with freedom and vitality, but the free nation gradually constricting its grip on public discourse has begun its rapid slide into despotism. Beware of he who would deny you access to information, for in his heart he dreams himself your master.
Gee, I'm really sorry your mom blew up, Ricky. I guess she won't be able to eat any spicy foods for awhile.
Get the cheese to sickbay.
Get to work, you aren't being paid to believe in the power of your dreams.
Ghosts! Communist ghosts who don't know they're dead! They want to steal our spacerockets, fly up and paint the moon pink!
Give a man a fire and he's warm for a day, but set fire to him and he's warm for the rest of his life.
Go do that voodoo that you do so well.
Go that way really fast and if something get in your way then turn.
Good... bad... I'm the guy with the gun.
Gummi bear? It's been in my pocket; they're real warm and soft.
Hail to the King, baby.
Health hint for the traveler: Don't throw rocks at guys with guns.
Hello! My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die.
Here are the secret rules of the internet: five minutes after you open a web browser for the first time, a kid in Russia has your social security number. Did you sign up for something? A computer at the NSA now automatically tracks your physical location for the rest of your life. Sent an email? Your email address just went up on a billboard in Nigeria.
Here lies my beloved Zoe, my autumn flower ... somewhat less attractive now that she's all corpsified and gross.
He's dead, Jim.
He's got a two day head start on you, which is more than he needs. Brody's got friends in every town and village from here to the Sudan, he speaks a dozen languages, knows every local custom, he'll blend in, disappear, you'll never see him again. With any luck, he's got the grail already.
Hey, you ever watch the Mickey Mouse Club? 'Cause you know what today... today is? Today is Wednesday. It's anything can happen day.
Hokey religions and ancient weapons are no match for a good blaster by your side, kid.
Hundreds of years from now, it will not matter what my bank account was, the sort of house I lived in, or the kind of car I drove... But the world may be different because I did something so bafflingly crazy that my ruins become a tourist attraction.
I always have a fallback position whenever I take a risk. If all else fails, I'll die horribly, at great length, and in great pain. Mind you, it's not a good fallback position...
I am Connor MacLeod of the Clan MacLeod. I was born in 1518 in the village of Glenfinnan on the shores of Loch Shiel. And I am immortal.
I am fearful when I see people substituting fear for reason.
I am groot.
I am not a vegetarian because I love animals; I am a vegetarian because I hate plants.
I am rarely happier than when spending entire day programming my computer to perform automatically a task that it would otherwise take me a good ten seconds to do by hand.
I can picture in my mind a world without war, a world without hate. And I can picture us attacking that world, because they'd never expect it.
I can’t even say what’s wrong with PHP, because – okay. Imagine you have uh, a toolbox. A set of tools. Looks okay, standard stuff in there. You pull out a screwdriver, and you see it’s one of those weird tri-headed things. Okay, well, that’s not very useful to you, but you guess it comes in handy sometimes. You pull out the hammer, but to your dismay, it has the claw part on both sides. Still serviceable though, I mean, you can hit nails with the middle of the head holding it sideways. You pull out the pliers, but they don’t have those serrated surfaces; it’s flat and smooth. That’s less useful, but it still turns bolts well enough, so whatever.  And on you go. Everything in the box is kind of weird and quirky, but maybe not enough to make it completely worthless. And there’s no clear problem with the set as a whole; it still has all the tools. Now imagine you meet millions of carpenters using this toolbox who tell you “well hey what’s the problem with these tools? They’re all I’ve ever used and they work fine!” And the carpenters show you the houses they’ve built, where every room is a pentagon and the roof is upside-down. And you knock on the front door and it just collapses inwards and they all yell at you for breaking their door.
I collect spores, mold and fungus.
I don’t want to sell anything, buy anything, or process anything as a career. I don’t want to sell anything bought or processed, or buy anything sold or processed, or process anything sold, bought, or processed, or repair anything sold, bought, or processed. You know, as a career, I don’t want to do that.
I don't believe there's a power in the 'verse that can stop Kaylee from being cheerful. Sometimes you just wanna duct-tape her mouth and dump her in the hold for a month.
I feel the need...the need for speed!
I have great fear of tools. I once made a birdhouse in woodshop and the fair housing committee condemned it. I can’t.
I have never listened to anyone who criticized my taste in space travel, sideshows or gorillas. When this occurs, I pack up my dinosaurs and leave the room. 
I killed the president of Paraguay with a fork. How have you been?
I know kung fu.
I laugh in the face of danger! Then I... hide until it goes away.
I laughed. I cried. I fell down. It changed my life.
I like to listen to people who know what theyre talking about. My trouble is I never believe anything they say.
I love deadlines. I love the whooshing noise they make as they go by.
I plan to live forever, of course, but barring that I'd settle for a couple thousand years. Even five hundred would be pretty nice.
I ran out of gas. I had a flat tire. I didn't have enough money for cab fare. My tux didn't come back from the cleaners. An old friend came in from out of town. Someone stole my car. There was an earthquake! A terrible flood! Locusts! It wasn't my fault, I swear to god!
I refuse to answer that question on the grounds that I don't know the answer.
I said 'how hard could it be.'
I say we take off and nuke the entire site from orbit. It's the only way to be sure.
I think calling him that is an insult to the psychotic lowlife community.
I wanna be just like you. I figure, all I need is a lobotomy, and some tights.
I want my two dollars!
I would prefer not to consume bovine lactose at any temperature.
I’m washing lettuce. Soon, I’ll be on fries. In a few years, I’ll make assistant manager, and that’s when the big bucks start rolling in.
I’ve heard it said: 'By his home you shall know him'; and we all know that we must pay attention to anyone who reverses the subject and auxiliary verb in his sentence.
If I'm not back in five minutes, just wait longer.
If we knew what it was we were doing, it would not be called research, would it?
If you think that by threatening me you can get me to do what you want ... well, that's where you're right. But I am only saying that because I care. There's a lot of decaffeinated brands on the market that are just as tasty as the real thing.
If you think the problems the Government creates are bad, just wait until you see thier solutions.
If you want to build a ship, don't drum up the men to gather wood, divide the work and give orders. Instead, teach them to yearn for the vast and endless sea.
If... she... weighs the same as a duck.. she's made of wood.
I'll kill a man in a fair fight. Or if I think he's gonna start a fair fight. Or if he bothers me. Or if there's a woman. Or if I'm getting paid. Mostly when I'm getting paid.
I'm a mog - half man, half dog. I'm my own best friend.
Im kind of psychic.  I have a fifth sense.  Its like I have ESPN or something.
I'm sorry I twisted your DNA like a kitten with a ball of yarn.
I'm telling you Teal'c, if we don't find a way out of this soon, I'm going to lose it. Lose it, it means go crazy. Nut. Insane. Bonzo. No longer in possession of one's faculties, three fries short of a happy meal, wacko!
I'm your density. I mean... your destiny.
In my life I have found two things of priceless worth - learning and loving. Nothing else - not fame, not power, not achievement for its own sake - can possible have the same lasting value. For when your life is over, if you can say 'I have learned' and 'I have loved,' you will also be able to say 'I have been happy.'
In the beginning was the plan.  And then came the assumptions.  And the assumptions were without form.  And the plan was without substance.   And darkness was upon the face of the workers.  And they spoke among themselves saying, "It is a crock of shit and it stinketh."  And the workers went unto their supervisors and said,  "It is a pale of dung and none may abide the odor thereof."  And the supervisor went unto their managers and said,  "It is a container of excrement and it is very strong, such that none may abide by it."  And the managers went unto their directors, saying,  "It is a vessel of fertilizer, and none may abide its strength."  And the directors spoke among themselves, saying to one another,   "It contains that which aids plant growth and it is very strong."    And the directors went unto the vice presidents, saying unto them,  "It promotes growth and is very powerful."  And the vice presidents went unto the president, saying unto him,  "The new plan will promote the growth and vigor of the company, with powerful effects."  And the president looked upon the plan and saw that it was good.  And the plan became policy.  This is how shit happens.
Incompetence is when you earnestly believe you can compensate for a lack of skill by doubling your efforts. There's no end to what you can't do.
Interfaces are like alcohol - they are both a lot of fun when used in moderation.
It happens sometimes. People just explode. Natural causes.
It was the pioneer days; people had to make their own interrogation rooms. Out of cornmeal.
It's 106 miles to Chicago, we've got a full tank of gas, half a pack of cigarettes, it's dark, and we're wearing sunglasses.
It's good to be the king.
It's one thing to want someone out of your life, but it's another thing to serve them a wake-up cup full of liquid drainer.
Jayne, your mouth is talking. You might wanna look to that.
Just once I would like to run into a cult of bunny worshippers.
Last night, Darth Vader came down from Planet Vulcan and told me that if I didn't take Lorraine out, that he'd melt my brain. 
Let us think the unthinkable, let us do the undoable, let us prepare to grapple with the ineffable itself, and see if we may not eff it after all.
Let's agree to respect each others views, no matter how wrong yours may be.
Let's go be bad guys!
Life all comes down to a few moments. This is one of them. 
Life goes by pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it.
Life is merely an orderly decay of energy states, and survival requires the continual discovery of new energy to pump into the system. He who controls the sources of energy controls the means of survival.
Life's hard. It's even harder when you're stupid.
Life's incessant ceremonies leap everlasting, humans spring eternal on hope's breast, and frying pans without fires are often far between.
Listen, lad. I've built this kingdom up from nothing. When I started here, all there was was swamp. All the kings said I was daft to build a castle in a swamp, but I built it all the same, just to show 'em. It sank into the swamp. So, I built a second one. That sank into the swamp. So I built a third one. That burned down, fell over, then sank into the swamp. But the fourth one stayed up. An' that's what your gonna get, lad -- the strongest castle in these islands.
Listen, strange women lying in ponds distributing swords is no basis for a system of government. Supreme executive power derives from a mandate from the masses, not from some farcical aquatic ceremony.
Man walks down the street in a hat like that, you know he's not afraid of anything.
May I pass along my congratulations for your great interdimensional breakthrough. I'm sure, in the miserable annals of the Earth, you will be duly inscribed.
May you have safe transport to the hallowed realm. Actually, not our hallowed realm. That's for Hynerians. Go find your own hallowed realm. With the Ceremony of Passage completed, I declare you officially dead, and claim all your possessions for myself.
Maybe none of this is about control. Maybe it really isn't about who can own whom, who can do what to whom and get away with it, even as far as death. Maybe it isn't about who can sit and who has to kneel or stand or lie down, legs spread open. Maybe it's about who can do what to whom and be forgiven for it. Never tell me it amounts to the same thing
Maybe youre the plucky comic relief.
Meanwhile back in the jungle, 
Mercy is the mark of a great man. Guess I'm just a good man. Well, I'm all right.
Miscellaneous is always the largest category. 
Most of you are familiar with the virtues of a programmer. There are three, of course: laziness, impatience, and hubris.
Most people seem to take pleasure in feeling superior to someone. I'm not like that, which pleases me because it makes me feel superior.
My doctor says that I have a malformed public-duty gland and a natural deficiency in moral fibre and that I am therefore excused from saving universes.
My little brother got his arm stuck in the microwave. So my mom had to take him to the hospital. My grandma dropped acid this morning, and she freaked out. She hijacked a busload of penguins. So it’s sort of a family crisis. Bye!
Negative ghost rider
Never go in against a Sicilian when death is on the line!
Never memorize something that you can look up. 
Never own more than you can carry in both hands at a dead run.
Never put off till tomorrow what may be done day after tomorrow just as well. 
No matter where you go, there you are.
No, look, there's a blue box. It's bigger on the inside than it is on the outside. It can go anywhere in time and space and sometimes even where it's meant to go. And when it turns up, there's a bloke in it called The Doctor and there will be stuff wrong and he will do his best to sort it out and he will probably succeed 'cause he's awesome. Now sit down, shut up, and watch 'Blink'.
Nobody's sure what Phil does, but it's definitely full of synergy and has to do with upper management, whom none of the engineers want to deal with so they just let Phil do what he wants.
Not all pain is gain.
Not that I condone fascism, or any -ism for that matter. -Ism's in my opinion are not good. A person should not believe in an -ism, he should believe in himself. I quote John Lennon, I don't believe in The Beatles, I just believe in me.
Oh my god! What can it be? We're all doomed! Who's FLYING this thing?!
Oh, well, thank you very much, very nice of you. Your vote of confidence is overwhelming.
One of my most productive days was throwing away 1000 lines of code.
Ooh. All right. I'll be honest with you, Bob. My name's not Kirk. It's Skywalker. Luke Skywalker.
Operator! Give me the number for 911!
People will look at the ashes of Westerburg and say, Now there's a school that self-destructed, not because society didn't care, but because the school was society. Now that's deep.
Perfection [in design] is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away.
Psychic, though? That sounds like something out of science fiction. We live in a space ship, dear.
Remember, no matter where you go, there you are.
Right now Im having amnesia and dj vu at the same time. I think Ive forgotten this before.
Right now someone who works for Facebook is getting tens of thousands of error messages and frantically trying to find the problem before the whole charade collapses. There's a team at a Google office that hasn't slept in three days. Somewhere there's a database programmer surrounded by empty Mountain Dew bottles whose husband thinks she's dead. And if these people stop, the world burns. Most people don't even know what sysadmins do, but trust me, if they all took a lunch break at the same time they wouldn't make it to the deli before you ran out of bullets protecting your canned goods from roving bands of mutants.
Ring a ding ding, baby.
Roads? Where were going, we dont need roads.
Second star to the right, and straight on 'til morning.
Seven schools in seven states and the only thing different is my locker combination.
SharePoint does everything, just not very well.
Since you're new here, I-I'm gonna cut you a break... today. So, why don't you make like a tree and get outta here?
So say we all!
Someone ever tries to kill you, you try to kill 'em right back!
Sometimes I think I must have a Guardian Idiot. A little invisible spirit just behind my shoulder, looking out for me...only he's an imbecile.
Sometimes it pays to stay in bed on Monday, rather than spending the rest of the week debugging Monday's code.
Son, your ego's writing checks your body can't cash.
Stackoverflow is sort of like the anti-experts-exchange (minus the nausea-inducing sleaze and quasi-legal search engine gaming) meets wikipedia meets programming reddit.
Statistics is the only science that enables different experts using the same figures to draw different conclusions.
Strange women lying in ponds distributing swords is no basis for a system of government. Supreme executive power derives from a mandate from the masses, not from some farcical aquatic ceremony.
Symmetrical book stacking. Just like the Philadelphia mass turbulence of 1947.
Teamwork: A few harmless flakes working together can unleash an avalanche of destruction.
Technological advance is an inherently iterative process. One does not simply take sand from the beach and produce a Dataprobe. We use crude tools to fashion better tools, and then our better tools to fashion more precise tools, and so on. Each minor refinement is a step in the process, and all of the steps must be taken.
Ten percent of nothin' is ... let me do the math here ... nothin' into nothin' ... carry the nothin'.
Terse? I can be terse. Once, in flight school, I was laconic.
That's your plan? Wile E. Coyote would come up with a better plan than that!
The Academician's private residences shall remain off-limits to the Genetic Inspectors. We possess no retroviral capability, we are not researching retroviral engineering, and we shall not allow this Council to violate faction privileges in the name of this ridiculous witch hunt!
The bad news is robots can do your job now. The good news is we're now hiring robot repair technicians. The worse news is we're working on robot-fixing robots- and we do not anticipate any further good news.
The difference between genius and stupidity is genius has its limits.
The genetic code does not, and cannot, specify the nature and position of every capillary in the body or every neuron in the brain. What it can do is describe the underlying fractal pattern which creates them.
The klaxon began to wail, but we felt the reassuring tingle of the Tachyon Field crackling to life around us, encasing the entire base in its impenetrable glow.
The last ever dolphin message was misinterpreted as a surprisingly sophisticated attempt to do a double-backwards-somersault through a hoop whilst whistling the 'Star Spangled Banner', but in fact the message was this: So long and thanks for all the fish.
The life of a repo man is always intense.
The popular stereotype of the researcher is that of a skeptic and a pessimist. Nothing could be further from the truth! Scientists must be optimists at heart, in order to block out the incessant chorus of those who say "It cannot be done."
The programmer, like the poet, works only slightly removed from pure thought-stuff. He builds his castles in the air, from air, creating by exertion of the imagination. Few media of creation are so flexible, so easy to polish and rework, so readily capable of realizing grand conceptual structures.  Yet the program construct, unlike the poet's words, is real in the sense that in moves and works, producing visible outputs seperate from the construct itself. It prints results, draws pictures, produces sounds, moves arms. The magic of myth and legend has come true in our time. One types the correct incantation on the keyboard, and a display screen comes to life, showing things that never were nor could be. - The Mythical Man Month
The sky is blue.
The story so far: In the beginning the Universe was created. This has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move.
The substructure of the universe regresses infinitely towards smaller and smaller components. Behind atoms we find electrons, and behind electrons, quarks. Each layer unraveled reveals new secrets, but also new mysteries.
The thing about happiness is that you only know you had it when it's gone. I mean, you may think to yourself that you're happy. But you don't really believe it. You focus on the petty bullshit, or the next job, or whatever. It's only looking back by comparison with what comes after that you really understand, that's what happiness felt like.
The trouble with having an open mind, of course, is that people will insist on coming along and trying to put things in it.
The twins keep us on Centarian time. It's a 37-hour day. Give it a few months, you'll get used to it, or you'll have a psychotic episode.
The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car, why not do it with some style?
The wise Sir Bedemir was the first to join King Arthur's knights, but other illustrious names were soon to follow: Sir Lancelot the Brave; Sir Galahad the Pure; and Sir Robin the Not-quite-so-brave-as-Sir-Lancelot who had nearly fought the Dragon of Agnor, who had nearly stood up to the vicious Chicken of Bristol and who had personally wet himself at the Battle of Baden Hill; and the aptly named Sir Not-appearing-in-this-film. Together they formed a band whose names and deeds were to be retold throughout the centuries, the Knights of the Round Table. 
There are many mysteries, many unanswerable questions, even in a life as short as yours.
There are two kinds of scientific progress: the methodical experimentation and categorization which gradually extend the boundaries of knowledge, and the revolutionary leap of genius which redefines and transcends those boundaries. Acknowledging our debt to the former, we yearn, nonetheless, for the latter.
There are two ways of constructing a software design: One way is to make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies and the other way is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies.
There can be only one! 
There is an expression in the Wasteland: "Old World Blues." It refers to those so obsessed with the past they can't see the present, much less the future, for what it is.
There is no spoon.
There's no reason to become alarmed, and we hope you'll enjoy the rest of your flight.  By the way, is there anyone on board who knows how to fly a plane?
There's so much comedy on television. Does that cause comedy in the streets?
These aren't the droids you're looking for.
These go to eleven.
They all adore him. They think he's a righteous dude.
They asked me how well I understood theoretical physics. I said I had a theoretical degree in physics. They said welcome aboard.
They invade our space and we fall back. They assimilate entire worlds and we fall back. Not again. The line must be drawn here!
They've done studies, you know. Sixty percent of the time, it works every time.
Time is an illusion. Lunchtime doubly so.
Time is what turns kittens into cats.
Time wounds all heels.
To crush your enemies, see them driven before you, and to hear the lamentation of their women.
To map the very stuff of life; to look into the genetic mirror and watch a million generations march past. That, friends, is both our curse and our proudest achievement. For it is in reaching to our beginnings that we begin to learn who we truly are.
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe.
Uh, w-well, my translation's a bit vague, um, I think the circle means 'the place of our legacy' ... or it could be 'a piece of our leg' but the first seems to make more sense.
Undomesticated equines could not drag me away.
Very small rocks!
Walking on water and developing software from a specification are easy if both are frozen.
Wax on, wax off.
We at the F.B.I. do not have a sense of humor we are aware of.
We have done the impossible, and that makes us mighty.
WebForms is a lie. Its abstraction wrapped in deception covered in lie sauce presented on a plate full of diversion and sleight of hand. Nothing you do with Webforms has anything to do with the web you let it do the work for you. 
We'd better get back, 'cause it'll be dark soon, and they mostly come at night... mostly.
Well, let's say this Twinkie represents the normal amount of psychokinetic energy in the New York area. Based on this morning's reading, it would be a Twinkie thirty-five feet long, weighing approximately six hundred pounds
Well, maybe I'm not a fancy gentleman like you, with your ... very fine hat. But I do business. We're here for business.
Well, my time of not taking you seriously is coming to a middle.
We're all pretty bizarre. Some of us are just better at hiding it, that's all.
We're all very different people. We're not Watusi. We're not Spartans. We're Americans, with a capital 'A', huh? You know what that means? Do ya? That means that our forefathers were kicked out of every decent country in the world. We are the wretched refuse. We're the underdog. We're mutts! Here's proof: his nose is cold! But there's no animal that's more faithful, that's more loyal, more loveable than the mutt. Who saw "Old Yeller?" Who cried when Old Yeller got shot at the end?
We're gonna need some more FBI guys, I guess. 
What do they need such good eyesight for anyway?
What does it mean, "exact change"? 
What is a committee? A group of the unwilling, picked from the unfit, to do the unnecessary.
Whats a nubian?
What's more important, the data or the jazz? Sure, sure, 'Information should be free' and all that- but anyone can set information free. The jazz is in how you do it, what you do it to, and in almost getting caught without getting caught. The data is 1's and 0's. Life is the jazz.
Whats that screaming? A good many dramatic situations begin with screaming
When cryptography is outlawed, bayl bhgynjf jvyy unir cevinpl.
When given a choice, choose the thing that scares you a little. If it's 100% safe, it is holding you back.
When it comes to dealing with the law of averages, it's best to be a habitual offender.
When you feel the need to write a comment, first try to refactor the code so that any comment becomes superflous.
When you wish upon a falling star, your dreams can come true. Unless it's really a meteorite hurtling to the Earth which will destroy all life. Then you're pretty much hosed no matter what you wish for. Unless it's death by meteor.
When you're in jail, a good friend will be trying to bail you out. A best friend will be in the cell next to you saying, 'Damn, that was fun'.
Where's my super suit?
Why do we tell you to turn it off and on again? Because we don't have the slightest clue what's wrong with it, and it's really easy to induce coma in computers and have their built-in team of automatic doctors try to figure it out for us.
Why don't you smegging well smeg off, you annoying little smeggy smegging smegger!
With the first link, the chain is forged. The first speech censored, the first thought forbidden, the first freedom denied, chains us all irrevocably.
Would it save you a lot of time if I just gave up and went mad now?
Yippee-ki-yay.
You are talking crazy-person talk. Put your words in word places please.
You can do anything you set your mind to when you have vision, determination, and an endless supply of expendable labor.
You can't fight in here, this is the war room.
You ever dance with the devil in the pale moonlight?
You know this is wonderful! This a tremendous idea! Let's steal the biggest, most obvious ship in the universe and escape in that! Flying around the city, smash it into everything in sight and everyone will see it!
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries.  Now go away, or I shall taunt you a second time.
As we know, There are known knowns. There are things we know we know. We also know There are known unknowns. That is to say We know there are some things We do not know. But there are also unknown unknowns, The ones we don’t know We don’t know.
There are 2 hard problems in computer science: caching, naming, and off-by-1 errors
It’s much easier to recover from no abstraction than the wrong abstraction.
Inversion of control is a common feature of frameworks, but it's something that comes at a price. It tends to be hard to understand and leads to problems when you are trying to debug. So on the whole I prefer to avoid it unless I need it. This isn't to say it's a bad thing, just that I think it needs to justify itself over the more straightforward alternative. - Robert Martin
